# CCFG-using-ILP

In this project, we are given a particular constrained Context-free grammar, and our objective is to use it to generate the attack causing inputs(string). The input string here is simply the string of maximum length. We achieve this by first re-expressing the cCFG problem from the Network flow point of view, and then solving the Network-flow equivalent problem using linear programming (solving a linear program to find out the frequencies of each of the production rules that maximizes the string length). This is because any network-flow problem can be
reduced to a linear program. Next we solve an integer-linear program to resolve the frequency order, i.e. the order in which the production rules should be applied to achieve the string of maximum length whose production rule frequency values were obtained by solving the previous linear program. Finally, we reconstruct the string (of maximum length) using the solutions of the linear program which solves the production rule frequency value problem (PRFVP) and the integer-linear program which solves the production rule frequency order problem (PRFOP).
It is to be noted here that the constraints of maximum flow problem yields a coefficient matrix with the properties that ensures the matrix is totally unimodular. Thus, such network flow problems with bounded integer capacities have an integral optimal value. In light of this,
we need not ensure that the PRFVP problem is solved using an integer-linear program; a simple linear program instead would provide integer solutions.
